Update docs to refine explanations for non-determinism (#4448)
temporalio/documentation: docs/encyclopedia/workflow/workflow-overview.mdx

3. A **Workflow Execution** is a running Workflow, which is created by combining a Workflow Definition with a request to execute it. You can execute a Workflow Definition any number of times, potentially providing different input each time (i.e., a Workflow Definition for order processing might process order #123 in one execution and order #567 in another execution). It is the actual instance of the Workflow Definition running in the Temporal Platform.

You'll develop those Workflows by writing code in a general-purpose programming language such as Go, Java, TypeScript, or Python. The code you write is the same code that will be executed at runtime, so you can use your favorite tools and libraries to develop Temporal Workflows.

Temporal Workflows are resilient. They can run—and keep running—for years, even if the underlying infrastructure fails. If the application itself crashes, Temporal will automatically recreate its pre-failure state so it can continue right where it left off.

> Each Workflow Execution progresses through a series of **Commands** and **Events**, which are recorded in an **Event History**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Workflow Execution emits a series of **Commands** and processes a sequence of **Events**, which are recorded in an **Event History**.
```

Not sure if we want to work this in (might be too much) but commands are not directly recorded in event history, however they _do_ map 1:1 to some corresponding event for that command, which is.

### How Workflow replay works

> When a Workflow pauses or encounters an error, the goal of Temporal is to bring the Workflow back to the exact same state it was in before the pause occurred. To make that possible, Temporal keeps the Event History. This is a complete, ordered log of everything that has already happened in a Workflow.

Reviewer: "Pauses" here I think overloads with our concept of "workflow pause", but what we really mean here is "yields". I don't know if we feel "yields" is too technical of a term but it would be more accurate than "pauses" here.

Even more pedantically, we don't replay a workflow unless it yielded _and_ was evicted from the cache of a worker, but we can probably skip over that detail.

Reviewer 2: I agree on the overloading of "pause" here, so we probably want to avoid that term. "Yield" might be too technical for this purpose. I think what we're trying to convey is that the Workflow execution ends unexpectedly, right? Could we say "ends" or "stops" without overloading?

Author: I'll go with "stops" here. Thanks y'all!

Reviewer: Hmm, I think we want to avoid stops too. Stops implies the workflow is completed. Honestly yield is technical but really is the most accurate thing to say here. Maybe we can link from the word to a glossary entry for those who don't know it?

Author: Changed that to "yields" and linked to a wiki definition!

The Event History could look like this for example:

- Started Timer for 5 minutes
- Scheduled Activity X
- Activity X completed with result Y
- Received Signal Z

This history is the source of truth for everything that happens in the Workflow.

#### Resuming a Workflow

> When it's time to continue the Workflow, Temporal doesn't restore memory from a snapshot. It starts the Workflow code from the beginning, replays the Event History step by step, and uses that history to guide the code back to the exact state as before. So the Workflow code is re-run, but uses the recorded events instead of redoing work.

Reviewer: Maybe here we could mention it doesn't always have to start from the beginning if it's cached

Because the Workflow is re-executed to rebuild its state:

- It has to make the same decisions when given the same history, which makes a Workflow deterministic.

> - It shouldn't depend on values that can change between runs.

Reviewer: This isn't strictly speaking accurate - it's perfectly fine to depend on values that are different between runs because they are different in the workflow input, or different results of activities. 

Most accurately, they can't depend on any values _not recorded in history_ which would be different between runs.

For example:

- A direct call to `Date.now()` could return a different value on replay.
- A random number could change.

> - A network call could return something new.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A network call (which wasn't performed inside an activity) could return something new.
```
